Updated API docs links to v15 (#6687)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 15/umbraco-cms/reference/security/two-factor-authentication.md

* If you have a provider that requires a non-numeric field or additional info.
* If you have a provider that requires the user to scan a QR code, you should additionally show the QR code.

> * If you need to authenticate the user in a different way than the default [AuthenticationController](https://apidocs.umbraco.com/v15/csharp/api/Umbraco.Cms.Web.BackOffice.Controllers.AuthenticationController.html#Umbraco_Cms_Web_BackOffice_Controllers_AuthenticationController_PostVerify2FACode_Verify2FACodeModel_) in Umbraco.

Reviewer: This link doesn't seem to work? 🤔 
I also can't find the Umbraco.Cms.Web.Backoffice anywhere 😅 Might not be a thing anymore actually 🤔

Reviewer: How about shortening this sentence instead:

```suggestion
* If you need to authenticate the user in a different way than the default option.
```
